Attrs doc (#1125)
pyscript/pyscript: docs/changelog.md

-------------

- Fixed 'Direct usage of document is deprecated' warning in the getting started guide. ([#1052](https://github.com/pyscript/pyscript/pull/1052))

> <<<<<<< Updated upstream

Reviewer: I think this was a bad merge 😄

Author: I used GH GUI 🙄 to make this commit
Never trust the GUIs

-------------

- Fixed 'Direct usage of document is deprecated' warning in the getting started guide. ([#1052](https://github.com/pyscript/pyscript/pull/1052))

> - Adds docs for custom Pycsript attrs ([#1125](https://github.com/pyscript/pyscript/pull/1125))

Reviewer: small typo and suggestion

```suggestion
- Adds docs for custom Pyscript attributes (`py-*`) that allow you to add event listeners to an element  ([#1125](https://github.com/pyscript/pyscript/pull/1125))
```
